# Notes from meeting on Sept 23rd
*taken by Amelia and Royal*

Intros
1.	Amelia (she)
2.	Liv (she/they)
3.	Royal (he)
4.	Sergio Rojas ()
5.	Amy Merish (Spotz) ()
6.	Stephen Tramer (he)
7.	Tony Balanduik (he)
8.	JT ()
9.	Jeremy (ninepoints) ()
10.	Renee Gittins ()
11.	Darrin McPherson (he)

Mission statement discussion
*	What outcome do we want?
*	We want people to feel comfortable contributing
*	Automatic Non-inclusive language flagging
*	Folks don’t feel like they belong.
*	Is the makeup of the community and leadership reflective of the people on the world?
*	How we attract folks to be part of the project.
*	Vision: Our Community and our project reflects the diversity of the world.
*	We want it to be accessible by all.
* We want it to reflect greater diversity.
*	We want the project to be inclusive in how it’s used
*	Make sure events are safe
*	Have opinionated statements of issues happening in the games industry
*	want to encourage people to feel comfortable contributing to tech
* Inclusive documentation
* Going back and old code and docs - vision of inclusive community - looking at teams 
* makeup of community and leadership is reflective
* setting targets - making sure community and people working on projects are representative from backgrounds of where they are contributing - working with people - group who are diverse - would experience out in the world how are they doing it tracking against it - 
* benchmarks - mission statement down first inform plan - 
* reflect population for earth 


Next meeting Days? Doodle Poll for days

Code of Conduct for O3DE 
1.	Should be scrapable

Community Values

CHAOSS Diversity & Inclusion metrics - need to choose specific elements.

Open floor for discussion
* Plan for O3DECon - in person and/or virtual
* Plan for Seattle - small event for people to meet up
